I just completed my most expensive
project ever in my 13-year forever
world. But you'd never know it just by
looking at it. I mean, sure, there are
Netherite blocks in the eyes of the
statue, but other than that, it seems
like a fairly normal build. But because
my world is actually a super flat world,
the things that are rare for me are
completely different from what would be
rare in a normal world. For example, all
the deep slate and tough blocks hidden
in the terraforming would be super
common blocks in a normal world. But I
can only get tough from the chests and
trial chambers. And deep slate is only
found within one room of the trial
chambers, which gives you a pathetic 12
blocks. But I'm only just getting
started. The whole point of the build is
to help me on my quest for the blue
axelottle that I went on in the related
video. So I rigged up a big fireworks
show to go off once I reach my goal. But
in order to get the fancy trail effect
on the fireworks stars, I use 35
diamonds, which I can only get from loot
chests. But probably the most expensive
item in all of Superflat is the amethyst
block, which is crafted with four
amethyst shards. And you can only get
those from this one specific loot chest
in the trial chambers. I wanted my
temple to feel magical, so I hid 18 of
these blocks under moss just so you get
that cool twinkle sound when you walk
over them. But if all that weren't
enough, then I started making donations
to the axelottle gods in this
sacrificial fountain to try and bless my
RNG. I spent 10 more diamonds, all of
the netherite I had, a nether star, a
stack of deep slate, and an entire stack
of amethyst shards. Oh, that made me
feel nauseous to say out loud. And that
kids is why you never play the Axel